Previously. on
Heated Rivalry...
Can I ask if you've ever
been with another guy?
It's really okay.
Let's be best friends.
- You and her are not...
We're not.
[ in RUSSIAN ]
You're playing
on the same team
as Hollander
this year. right?
I don't think
I can keep pretending
I don't like you anymore.
[ in RUSSIAN ]
You know I love you.
I know you do.
But it's not the same
as it is with Jane.
You scared me.
I was gonna ask you.
will you come to my
cottage this summer?
You know we can't do that.
I'm coming to the cottage.
And the most valuable
player is...
Scott Hunter.
Thank you.
Um...
A few weeks ago.
I achieved my lifelong dream.
Winning the Cup.
Those of you who've done that
know how it feels.
I don't even think I have
the words to describe it.
But something else
happened that night.
Something you may
have noticed got
a lot more attention
than the Admirals
winning the Cup.
Woo hoo!
Woo!
It's. uh. it's been
an interesting month.
In case you missed it somehow.
I --
came out as gay
in a ridiculously public way.
And I've always been
a private person.
I've never really shared
anything about my private life.
But from what I've seen
over the past few weeks.
it's-- it's maybe
important that I do. a bit.
Fans have been
sending me messages...
and a lot of young fans.
telling me how much it meant
to them for me to come out.
And look. I --
I love hockey.
I'm so grateful that I get
to do this for a living.
But I also know what
it feels like to not fit in.
When I was a teenager. I...
I realized that
I may be that thing --
that hockey players like
to throw around as an insult.
The kind of language
that I heard on the ice
and in the locker room
every day
was a constant reminder
that I was different.
When -- when you have a secret
that you work...
as hard as I did
to protect. it's. um...
it's exhausting.
It's a non-stop effort.
And it's also really. really...
lonely.
Thankfully.
I found the person
who changes everything.
And he gave me the confidence
and strength
and the need to be honest
about who I am.
Fear is a powerful thing.
But then. uh. I found the one thing
that is more powerful.
So I share this honour with
my teammates and my coaches.
But I also share it
with you. Kip.
You have made me better in...
every conceivable way.
I love you.
Thank you!
Is this a Jeep?
No. it's British.
Practical.
Good in the snow.
Okay.
♪ "L'anarchie des jours heureux"
- La Bronze ♪
Are you hungry?
It's about a two hour drive.
but we can stop
for something if you want.
No. I'm okay.
I think you're gonna
like the cottage.
It's. uh. relaxing.
Ah. is that what
we are going to do?
Relax?
I hope so.
I would like to relax with you.
For once.
I bought. uh --
groceries.
so we don't need to leave.
Or not leave much.
I-if we don't want to.
Thank you for inviting me.
I'm glad you're here.
Me too. but...
also. like...
terrified.
yes?
Did anyone recognize you?
At the airport or anything?
No. no.
Not that I noticed.
Cool.
The cottage is super private.
so we don't need to worry
about anything.
Not even your parents?
No.
I told them I was
on a silent retreat.
like a meditation thing.
What?
Does that sound fake?
Yes!
Ah!
It would if it was
anyone but you.
I can carry my own bag.
How are your ribs?
Fine. I can take my bag.
I can't believe you played
with those bruised ribs.
Whoa. you can't?
Okay. maybe I can.
Wow!
Your real estate fetish
really paid off. huh?
I didn't buy this.
I had it built.
Oh. I know.
I can give you a tour.
if you'd like.
or --
I could make us some lunch.
There's plenty of food.
Also. I bought you Cokes.
though. uh --
the water here
is really good.
I have my own well.
You can see it.
In case you're...
thirsty.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Wait. um.
it's been a while.
so I might not last long.
Yes. same.
But we have two weeks.
Yeah. cool.
W-wait. um...
same?
Mmm.
You said "same."
You haven't --
been with anyone
lately?
Mm. no...
Not since...
No. not since. so can we...
Really?
Hollander. i-it...
is not a big deal.
okay?
Yeah. but it's been...
Months. yes.
I know!
So can we fuck now. please?
I haven't.
either.
Not since the last time.
I have an idea.
What?
For the next two weeks.
let's just be honest
with each other...
about...
what we actually think
and...
maybe how we really feel?
I will try.
Really?
Yes.
I will do anything
if it will make you touch
my dick right now.
Should I show you
to your room?
There's two
guest rooms downstairs.
so plenty to choose from.
Mmm. I will need
a king-size bed.
They all have a king-size bed.
And a view.
They all have a view.
Hmm.
And I will need a...
What do you call it?
An en-suite bathroom.
Hmm.
Well. that might be a problem.
Oh. why is that?
There's only one
with an en-suite.
And it's mine.
Ah...
This is awkward.
This room isn't available
to the guests.
Mmm.
Disappointing.
I'm sorry. sir.
We'd really like to
accommodate you. but...
Sir. I'm just a bellboy!
You can't treat
the staff like this.
Oh. I think I know how the staff
likes to be treated
after all these years.
hmm?
Wait.
Wait. wait. wait.
Uh. no.
Ah.
Why are you making
so many burgers?
The recipe was
for eight. so...
Okay. you cut it in half.
What. you can't do math?
Leave me alone.
No.
Okay. fine.
I should have cut it in half.
Ordinarily. I would give
the rest to my parents.
but that would probably ruin
my whole silent retreat lie.
I guess.
Yuna and David. yes?
Mm-hmm.
And?
And what?
Tell me about them.
What do you want to know?
I don't know.
I don't know anything.
I know your mother
is Japanese or something.
Probably where you
get your looks.
Half of them. yeah.
And your dad is...
what. boring?
Is that where you
get your boring from?
He's not boring.
So. he's exciting.
reading the New Yorker?
He's normal. okay?
He works for the
Treasury Board of Canada.
Hmm.
Crazy!
Fuck you!
He played hockey for McGill.
Whoa.
McGill?
What the fuck is McGill?
Is McGill a town?
It's a really good school.
My parents are great.
Do they know?
About you?
Of course not.
No. about you.
No.
Would they not be
good about it?
I don't know.
I mean.
no. they'd be fine.
I'm sure they would be. but...
I don't know.
We haven't talked about it.
Sometimes. I think I would have
told them already.
Oh. this is my fault.
No...
Well. I mean. yeah --
kind of.
Look...
I think you can tell
your parents you're gay
without giving them a list
of all the guys you're fucking.
I know. I know.
Anyways. it -- it just
doesn't really matter.
You done?
Nice. right?
So we just sit here
and look at it?
Yes.
We just sit here and look at it.
Canada is fun.
Shut up!
It was just Rose.
Mm.
Just Rose?
She's just checking in.
You're not jealous. are you?
No.
Ilya. I'm gay.
Yeah. not so gay you
can't fuck Rose Landry.
Oh my God.
It was. like. twice.
And both times
were complete disasters.
I'm not sure she's looking
for a repeat performance.
Oh. disasters like how?
I'm not going into details.
What the fuck was that?
A loon?
A what?
A loon. It's --
it's a bird.
Sounds like a fucking wolf.
It's a bird. trust me.
You're so scared.
What kind of a bird
makes a noise like that?
A loon!
A fucking wolf?
Stupid Canadian wolf bird.
Oh. so now you speak bird. too.
Fluent.
I hate you.
No. you don't.
Have you talked to
your brother lately?
Mm-mnh.
Is that a good thing?
Probably. I don't know.
I'm sorry about your family.
Even if they suck.
you must miss them.
My mother didn't suck.
She was great.
How did she die?
By accident.
She accidentally swallowed
a whole bottle of pills.
How old were you?
Twelve.
I found her.
I don't want you
to think she was weak.
I don't.
She wasn't.
She was so funny and beautiful.
She was so sad.
And my dad was so hard on her.
And...
Motherfucker!
Do you wanna go inside?
No.
Good morning.
I like you.
I like you too.
You can't pick Montréal!
Yes. I can.
I've always wondered what it
would be like to be a Metro.
You know. historically.
they're the best team in sport.
Better than
the fucking Yankees.
Oh. I know so.
Well. I'ma be Boston.
Good choice.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
I am you.
Well. you're not anything.
I'm on the cover
of the fucking game.
Oh. fuck.
It's Hayden.
He just had a baby.
I haven't talked to him in weeks.
You're a baby.
Hey. buddy.
Yeah. uh.
Yeah. how's. um...
I know. I'm so sorry.
But how's... Amber?
Right?
How is she?
Oh. yeah. the pics are cute.
Oh. good. good.
And -- and. uh.
Jacki's good too?
Is it better than. um...
Y-yeah. no. I--I remember that.
That was a tough time.
Uh...
S-sorry. hey. just. um...
my mom's on the other line.
I'm just gonna get
rid of her. okay?
What are you doing?
I think you know.
Please stop.
I don't think
it's what you want.
Later.
okay?
Okay. I make you a deal.
I won't touch you.
but if you get hard...
I won't get hard.
Okay.
so no problem then.
Ilya...
Shane...
Uh. s-sorry. man. yeah. my --
my mom is so annoying sometimes.
Uh --
s-sorry.
you were saying?
Oh. right. yeah. yeah.
uh. Mark.
And that's her middle brother?
Brother-in-law.
right.
But he's the one...
Got it. right. yeah.
from Thanksgiving.
Yeah. yeah. he's--he's great.
Uh...
Well. that's nice
he could come and stay.
Cool. cool. yeah. yeah.
tha--that makes sense.
Uh. no. nothin' --
much here.
Th-th-the headaches are better.
... Fuck.
Uh -- no. s-s-sorry.
j-just a text.
Totally.
Yeah. totally --
totally clear. so...
all's well there.
Ah. jee--
jeez.
Sorry. hey. one --
o-one second.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. fuck!
Ah.
Sorry. man.
I just... I have to run.
Someone's at the door.
Fuck...
No. it's just...
It's just --
just Amazon.
But. um. I-I'll call you
next week. and...
Yeah. yeah. so. totally.
And. um...
Alright. yes.
Love you. man.
And. uh. give my ---
my best to Jacki
and the kids.
Fuck you...!
Fuck you.
Why was that so hot?
Because you like to be bad.
Hey.
s'not --
that's not what this is.
You and me.
Maybe it was at first.
but...
not now
and not for a long time.
So. you love Hayden?
Alright...
So I was thinking I'm a...
a free agent
next season.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You wouldn't
re-sign with Boston?
Then where?
I don't know. I was thinking
maybe a Canadian team.
Not Montréal. huh?
No. I mean. I know.
But I would --
love to not have
Russian passport.
I could marry Svetlana.
She's American.
Would be easy citizenship.
She would do it.
Her. uh. father is goalie --
Sergei Vitrov.
Yeah. you've told me.
She would help me.
But...
is she. I don't know.
someone you'd want to marry?
We are friends.
We would be fine.
And it would be
for the passport.
Okay.
But...
But what?
But you like women.
right?
You could find someone you'd...
want to marry for real.
and still get the passport.
Maybe. but...
But what?
I have this problem.
What's the problem?
I like women. yes?
Yeah. I know.
And everywhere I go.
I'm surrounded
by beautiful women.
And they love me.
Sounds rough.
Yes. it is.
Listen.
And these women.
they're so --
sexy and fun.
But I am always thinking
about
this...
slow fucking hockey player
with beautiful freckles.
And a weak backhand.
A weak backhand?
Yes. very weak.
And he's so boring.
and he drives this terrible car.
It's a normal car!
I am always wishing that
these women were him.
It's a terrible problem. huh?
Do you want that problem
to go away?
Mm-mnh.
I don't ever want that problem
to ever go away.
Don't marry Svetlana.
Just don't.
I know it wouldn't be
for love or whatever.
Just don't.
We can figure
something else out. okay?
Okay.
Mmm.
I have another idea.
What idea?
What is happening?
What if you played in Ottawa?
Ottawa is same division
as Boston.
We're still rivals.
Okay. but listen.
... ?
First off.
super close by.
Second. Ottawa needs
a star center.
and they're nowhere near
their cap.
so they could definitely
afford you.
And maybe we could start to
change the narrative a bit.
What?
Hollander. I just woke up.
What is...
"narrative"?
Boston and Montréal.
Tha--that's intense.
Everyone knows that.
But Montréal and Ottawa?
A-And look. lots of guys have
friends on other teams.
We're not rookies anymore.
There are younger guys
coming in
frothing at the mouth.
Let them hate each other.
We don't need to keep this up
until we retire. do we?
We're n--
We're not fucking wrestlers.
Hollander. Hollander.
Okay.
it's very late.
And this is so many words.
What are you getting at?
Well. you'd play for Ottawa.
I play for Montréal.
Okay? We're -- we're
only two hours apart. and --
we start a charity.
Something that.
you know.
we both care about.
And we come up with a story.
like I-- I approached you.
Or I approached you.
Fine. sure.
And we tell
the press and everyone
that by working on this cause
that we both love.
that --
we developed a mutual
respect for one another and.
um...
And we like sucking
each other's dicks.
Any questions?
Fuck. Off.
This is a good idea. Rozanov.
Okay.
Okay!
It's not bad.
So we start the charity.
Yeah. an-- and it wouldn't
be bullshit either. Like --
we can really
start a charity.
Something cool that --
that means a lot to both of us.
And.
you know. we still play hard
against each other on the ice.
Shut up!
And then if people saw us
out in public or whatever.
it wouldn't be so fucking crazy.
And we're only two hours apart.
all year round.
Apply for. like.
citizenship here in Canada.
And maybe.
one day
when we both retire...
we could be together.
For real.
You really think
that far ahead. Hollander?
I do.
About this.
And is that what you want?
To be together?
So much.
So much it scares me.
Hey...
Я тебя люблю.
Я тебя люблю... !
I love you.
Holy shit.
I mean...
I love you too.
Fuck. Hollander... !
Oh my God.
I love you so much.
Does it...
Does it fucking kill you too?
Not anymore.
How did we let this happen?
We were both very stupid
and irresponsible.
This is real though. right?
Mmm...
Please fuck me.
What was your mother's name?
Irina.
Why?
I was thinking
we could start
a hockey school.
Like a summer camp
for kids. and...
give the money away to
mental health organizations.
Like suicide prevention.
It was just an idea.
She would have loved you.
Like I love you.
Say it again in Russian. please.
Я
тебя
люблю.
Whoo!
Is this where you do yoga.
or up there?
No. I do it inside.
The producer wanted me...
Wait. you saw that?
Yeah.
it was very good.
I needed help sleeping. so...
You're an asshole.
How's the water?
You're in it.
Yeah. but I want to know
how you like it.
F-Fuck you!
What if my phone
was in my pocket?
Ah. it's not.
You left it on the table.
It's been ringing all morning.
You're still an asshole.
Give me a kiss.
You're cold.
Do you want pasta
from last night or hot dogs?
Hot dogs.
Okay.
They're gonna have
to defrost a bit.
So we have a little time...
Maybe.
What do you have in mind?
Nothing that'll take too long...
Ah...
Mm.
Oh fuck.
Maybe you should...
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Do you want me to...
- No. no.
Fuck.
Fuck. this is
a fucking nightmare.
Shane...
Oh. fuck --
this is a fucking nightmare.
Oh. what the fuck
am I supposed to do?
Ah!
We should go talk to him.
Yeah. what if he doesn't
want to talk with -- ?
What if...
Fuck --
my mom!
Hey! Hey. hey. hey.
they will talk to you.
Yeah. but I--
I fucking lied to them.
For so many years.
and now my dad
just walks in on me.
This...
This is my fucking nightmare.
This is my actual
fucking nightmare. Ilya!
Okay. okay.
Then maybe it's time
to wake up. yes?
Fuck. I'm scared.
Yes. it's scary.
But you're brave.
Shut up.
You are. you're brave.
I feel like I'm gonna die.
So much for easing them into it.
Maybe...
maybe he didn't even notice.
Hmm?
Okay.
I'm gonna get changed.
I'm gonna drive over.
Uh...
And then...
And then -- fuck!
What am I gonna say?
Oh!
Do you -- do you want me
to come with you?
Would you?
Of course.
Okay...
Okay.
That--that is not gonna help.
Oh. they don't know
I play for Boston?
Uh. maybe you should
wait in the car.
Fuck. Nevermind. sorry.
Hey. it's me.
Shane.
Hi.
I left my charger
at your place.
and it's the old one
that fits into my phone.
and all the other chargers
we have are newer. so...
It's okay. Dad.
I'm sorry. You shouldn't
have found out that way.
Found out what.
exactly?
I'm gay.
Which I was gonna tell you soon.
I'm sorry I didn't
tell you sooner.
I...
Yeah. and this is Ilya.
Rozanov.
But you already know that.
Hi.
He's visiting.
and we're. um...
Lovers.
No. Ilya.
that's gross...
But --
you hate him.
No.
I mean. I get that.
but no. I actually. uh...
I love him.
I did not want this
to be how I told you.
Uh.
I'm sorry.
Can we just
sit down.
please?
Here.
I think we thought...
maybe...
you were...
gay?
You did?
I think we thought
it was certainly possible.
For how long?
Mmm. for a while.
I guess.
We both know you
pretty well. Shane.
I mean. what
we did not suspect
was that
you were so...
friendly with --
Rozanov.
Ilya.
Ilya. sorry.
I know.
It's a
long story.
When did this... happen?
Wait.
The All-Star game.
You two had so much chemistry.
No. it was before then.
Wow!
Wow.
So. when?
Since our. uh.
rookie season.
Since your rookie season?
No. is not true.
Since before that.
Not helpful.
Before?
The summer before.
So you've been
in love since...
[Shane] - No! No. No.
[Ilya] - No. no. no. no. no.
No. No.
No. just.
uh...
Just... what?
Uh. just...
Just... ?
Just...
Ilya.
Oh.
'Kay.
[Yuna] - "Just"...
[David] - Just what?
Lovers.
Okay. no one is allowed
to use that word again.
Well.
I would love a drink.
And there were no nice men
in Montréal?
I don't know.
Probably there were?
And do your teammates know?
No. nobody knows.
Mm!
This is good vodka.
Thanks.
I try to buy the Russian stuff.
Mmm.
You never...
I mean. you -- you never
let him win.
did you. Shane?
Do you let Dad win at cards?
I'd rather die.
Same here.
OK.
So is your plan.
to...
what?
just keep doing this in secret
until you both retire. or... ?
Probably. I --
I don't know.
Pr--probably. yes.
Oh. no. that's s-sad.
I know.
We know.
W-We just can't...
come out and. like.
announce it.
Ilya. I gotta say.
I'm surprised.
You have such a reputation
as a ladies' man.
Hmm.
Is not untrue.
Ilya likes both.
Oh.
It's true. I've been
with many women. but...
I have only been in love
with one person.
Same here.
Only one.
Well. just...
Hey.
Hi.
Thank you.
Mom. um...
I need you to know that
I did
really try.
I tried really hard.
but. um...
I just can't help it.
And --
I'm sorry.
I --
Oh. no. you have nothing.
nothing to apologize for.
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me.
I'm sorry --
that I made you feel
like you couldn't tell me.
Hey...
I am so.
so proud of you.
Okay?
Please forgive me.
I forgive you. Mom.
I love you.
Oh. I love you too.
So much.
You okay?
Yeah.
Alright...
okay.
Okay.
Okay. okay. Enough.
Alright.
what's the plan?
We need a statement prepared
in case anything leaks.
Something classy and simple.
Mom...
And I'm gonna quietly
reach out to the premium brands.
or maybe just Reebok
an--and Rolex and Speedo.
They're gonna be thrilled.
I think.
once they wrap
their minds around this.
There's a world
of opportunity here.
if they do it right.
Mom. can you just take
three steps back. please?
I'm not gonna come out
or anything yet. I --
We just want...
a future.
I don't know.
You play in Ottawa?
Yes.
We would be closer.
and with the charity.
Mm-hmm. and you have
no loyalty to Boston?
Jesus. Mom!
What?
They drafted him!
You would leave Boston
for Shane?
Yes.
Hmm..
Mom?
Loyalty is important.
He's trying to be loyal to me.
not Boston.
Well...
My mom cares a little
too much about hockey.
Yeah. I see where
you get it from.
Have you talked
to Scott Hunter?
No.
I did.
You did?
Yeah. briefly.
After MLH award in June.
And... ?
What did he say?
Nothing.
I didn't tell him
about Shane and me.
But what he did. it was...
Yes. it was very brave.
It changed things
for me at least.
Maybe for us.
Shane...
Shane.
I'm okay.
I'm just freaking out.
I'll be okay in a second.
Hey.
Hey. hey. hey.
We're good here.
Your family is here.
Your boyfriend is here.
You're good here. okay?
My boyfriend?
I mean. yes.
I think so. probably.
Since rookie season...
The summer before.
I'll bring the chicken
and some salad stuff.
Pick up beer in town.
Please text.
Why? We'll just
be there around 5:00.
Please text.
We'll text.
Pay attention to your phones.
- Thank you for pasta.
- Thank you!
Drive safely. I love you.
Love you!
♪ "Bad Things"
- Cailin Russo ♪
♪ I said. saddle up. cowboy.
I'm waiting for you ♪
♪ Won't you give it up? ♪
♪ Don't be another one of 'em ♪
♪ Be one of us
Come on. come on. come on ♪
♪ We've got bad things to do ♪
♪ Baby. take me.
don't hesitate ♪
♪ With a girl like me.
you better activate ♪
♪ I'm a tidal wave
coming for your grave ♪
♪ I wanna do
bad things with you ♪
♪ Then your fireworks
set me off ♪
♪ I'm like a time bomb
in a storm ♪
♪ In your arms
I'd start a war ♪
♪ We've both been here before ♪
♪ Matter of fact.
I caught you looking back ♪
♪ So let's go ♪
♪ I get what I want ♪
♪ I want what I see ♪
♪ I wanna do. d-do. d-do.
do. d-do. d-do ♪
♪ Bad things with you ♪
♪ I mean. oh my God ♪
♪ Come on.
I know you feel it too ♪
♪ Like summer's on so hot ♪
♪ You put your record on ♪
♪ My panties drop.
and I don't wanna stop playing ♪
♪ It's on. babe ♪
♪ I know you're not shy ♪
♪ Baby. take me.
don't hesitate ♪
♪ With a girl like me
you better activate ♪
♪ I'm a tidal wave
coming for your grave ♪
♪ I wanna do
bad things with you ♪
♪ Then your fireworks
set me off ♪
♪ I'm like a time bomb
in a storm ♪
♪ In your arms
I'd start a war ♪
♪ We've both been here before ♪
♪ Matter of fact.
I caught you looking back ♪
♪ So let's go ♪
♪ I get what I want ♪
♪ I want what I see ♪
♪ I wanna do. d-do. d-do.
do. d-do. d-do ♪
♪ Bad things with you ♪